README.md, before:

# The Odin Project

[The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) (TOP) is an open-source curriculum for learning full-stack web development. Our mission is to provide a comprehensive curriculum to learn web development for free. We help users learn the skills and build the impressive portfolio of projects they need to get hired as a web developer.

Some of the topics we cover include:

-   Ruby
-   Ruby on Rails
-   SQL
-   HTML and CSS
-   Javascript
-   Node
-   React
-   How to go about getting a job in the industry

This repo contains the TOP app which pulls in lesson content as well as front-end and back-end code. To see the actual lesson content that gets pulled in, please go to the [TOP curriculum repo](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum).

Our community can be found on the [TOP Discord server](https://discord.gg/fbFCkYabZB).

## Contributing

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/TheOdinProject/theodinproject.svg?style=svg)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/TheOdinProject/theodinproject)

The Odin Project depends on open-source contributions to improve, grow, and thrive. We welcome contributors of all experience levels and backgrounds to help maintain this awesome curriculum and community. If you would like to contribute to our curriculum, be sure to thoroughly read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Significant Contributors

-   [Erik Trautman](https://github.com/eriktrautman)
-   [Afshin Moktari](https://github.com/afshinator)
-   [Josh Gorchov](https://github.com/gorchov)
-   [Joe Sawyer](https://github.com/zkay)
-   [Bill Walker](https://github.com/mach1010)
-   [Neil Gehani](https://github.com/ngehani)
-   [Ian White](http://github.com/Iawhite76)
-   [Nathan Hall](http://github.com/dominathan)
-   [Abby Jones](http://github.com/AbbyJonesDev)
-   [Kevin Mulhern](https://github.com/KevinMulhern)
-   [Arun Kumar](https://github.com/arku)
-   [Cody Loyd](https://github.com/codyloyd)
-   [Austin Mason](https://github.com/CouchofTomato)
-   [Briggs Elsperger](https://github.com/I3uckwheat)
-   [Rhys](https://github.com/105ron)
-   [L. P. Soai-Van](https://github.com/leosoaivan)
-   [Andy Duss](https://github.com/mindovermiles262)
-   [Ada Chiu](https://github.com/adachiu)
-   [Marvin Gay](https://github.com/marvingay)
-   [Rachel Moser](https://github.com/rlmoser99)
-   [Grace Schwartz](https://github.com/CatQueenCodes)
-   [Tatiana Walton](https://github.com/twalton83)
-   [Valera Kushnir](https://github.com/kashura)

---

Created by [Erik Trautman](http://www.github.com/eriktrautman)

Commit message:

Add screencast link to README
Added call to action and link to screencast in contributing section of README

README.md, after:

# The Odin Project

[The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) (TOP) is an open-source curriculum for learning full-stack web development. Our mission is to provide a comprehensive curriculum to learn web development for free. We help users learn the skills and build the impressive portfolio of projects they need to get hired as a web developer.

Some of the topics we cover include:

-   Ruby
-   Ruby on Rails
-   SQL
-   HTML and CSS
-   Javascript
-   Node
-   React
-   How to go about getting a job in the industry

This repo contains the TOP app which pulls in lesson content as well as front-end and back-end code. To see the actual lesson content that gets pulled in, please go to the [TOP curriculum repo](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum).

Our community can be found on the [TOP Discord server](https://discord.gg/fbFCkYabZB).

## Contributing

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/TheOdinProject/theodinproject.svg?style=svg)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/TheOdinProject/theodinproject)

The Odin Project depends on open-source contributions to improve, grow, and thrive. We welcome contributors of all experience levels and backgrounds to help maintain this awesome curriculum and community. If you would like to contribute to our curriculum, be sure to thoroughly read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

__Feel free to also watch [this interactive screencast](https://scrimba.com/scrim/cEggQncE), which will give you an introduction to the repository.__

## Significant Contributors

-   [Erik Trautman](https://github.com/eriktrautman)
-   [Afshin Moktari](https://github.com/afshinator)
-   [Josh Gorchov](https://github.com/gorchov)
-   [Joe Sawyer](https://github.com/zkay)
-   [Bill Walker](https://github.com/mach1010)
-   [Neil Gehani](https://github.com/ngehani)
-   [Ian White](http://github.com/Iawhite76)
-   [Nathan Hall](http://github.com/dominathan)
-   [Abby Jones](http://github.com/AbbyJonesDev)
-   [Kevin Mulhern](https://github.com/KevinMulhern)
-   [Arun Kumar](https://github.com/arku)
-   [Cody Loyd](https://github.com/codyloyd)
-   [Austin Mason](https://github.com/CouchofTomato)
-   [Briggs Elsperger](https://github.com/I3uckwheat)
-   [Rhys](https://github.com/105ron)
-   [L. P. Soai-Van](https://github.com/leosoaivan)
-   [Andy Duss](https://github.com/mindovermiles262)
-   [Ada Chiu](https://github.com/adachiu)
-   [Marvin Gay](https://github.com/marvingay)
-   [Rachel Moser](https://github.com/rlmoser99)
-   [Grace Schwartz](https://github.com/CatQueenCodes)
-   [Tatiana Walton](https://github.com/twalton83)
-   [Valera Kushnir](https://github.com/kashura)

---

Created by [Erik Trautman](http://www.github.com/eriktrautman)
